# Release manifest for UnifiedAuthContrib
!noci
data/System/UnifiedAuthContrib.txt 0644 Documentation
lib/Foswiki/Contrib/UnifiedAuthContrib.pm 0644 Contrib base module
lib/Foswiki/LoginManager/UnifiedLogin.pm 0644 Login manager
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/UnifiedAuthPlugin.pm 0644 Tag handlers
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth.pm 0644 Main mapping module
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/Provider.pm 0644 Base module for auth providers
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/IdentityProvider.pm 0644 Base module for identity providers
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/Providers/BaseUser.pm 0644 BaseUser provider
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/Providers/Default.pm 0644 BaseUser provider
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/Providers/Google.pm 0644 OAuth for Google
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/Providers/Kerberos.pm 0644 TopicUserMapping replacement
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/Providers/Topic.pm 0644 TopicUserMapping replacement
lib/Foswiki/UnifiedAuth/Providers/Ldap.pm 0644 Ldap provider
lib/Foswiki/Users/UnifiedAuthUser.pm 0644 Password manager
lib/Foswiki/Users/UnifiedUserMapping.pm 0644 User mapping
lib/Foswiki/Contrib/UnifiedAuthContrib/Config.spec 0644 Config options
pub/System/UnifiedAuthContrib/facebook.png 0444
pub/System/UnifiedAuthContrib/google.png 0444
pub/System/UnifiedAuthContrib/css/uauth.css 0444
pub/System/UnifiedAuthContrib/js/uauth.js 0444
templates/uauth.tmpl 0644 Template file
